Fix internal spec links (#85)
awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification: client-apis/decrypt.md

To obtain the decrypted data, a set of valid decryption materials is required.

This behavior MUST obtain this set of [decryption materials](../framework/structures.md#decryption-materials), 
by calling [Decrypt Materials](../framework/cmm-interface.md#decrypt-materials) on a [CMM](../framework/cmm-interface.md).

The CMM used MUST be the input CMM, if supplied.
If a CMM is not supplied as the input, the decrypt behavior MUST construct a [default CMM](../framework/default-cmm.md) 

> from the [keyring](#keyring) inputted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the [keyring](../framework/keyring-interface.md) inputted.
```

The call to CMM's [Decrypt Materials](../framework/cmm-interface.md#decrypt-materials) behavior MUST include as the input the 
[encryption context](../data-format/message-header.md#aad), if provided, the [encrypted data keys](../data-format/message-header.md#encrypted-data-keys) and the 

> [algorithm suite ID](../data-format/message-header.md#algorithm-suites-id), obtained from parsing the message header of the encrypted message inputted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[algorithm suite ID](../data-format/message-header.md#algorithm-suite-id), obtained from parsing the message header of the encrypted message inputted.
```

The decryption materials returned by the call to the CMM's Decrypt Materials behaviour MUST contain a valid 
[plaintext data key](../framework/structures.md#decryption-materials#plaintext-data-key),
[algorithm suite](../framework/structures.md#decryption-materials#algorithm-suite) and an

> [encryption context](../framework/structures.md#decryption-materials#encryption-context), if an encryption context was used during encryption.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[plaintext data key](../framework/structures.md#plaintext-data-key),
[algorithm suite](../framework/algorithm-suites.md) and an
[encryption context](../framework/structures.md#encryption-context), if an encryption context was used during encryption.    
```

Note: This encryption context MUST be the same encryption context that was used during encryption otherwise the decrypt operation will fail.   

The decrypt behavior MUST then use this plaintext data key, algorithm suite and encryption context, if included, to decrypt the encrypted content 
and obtain the plaintext to be returned. The [encrypted content](../data-format/message-body.md#encrypted-content) to be decrypted is obtained by parsing the 

> [message body](../framework/message-body.md) of the encrypted message inputted.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[message body](../data-format/message-body.md) of the encrypted message inputted.   
```
